c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Hardware.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Hardware.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Common.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.Plugs.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Debug.Kernel.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Debug.Kernel.Plugs.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.HAL.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.Plugs.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Common.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.Plugs.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Debug.Kernel.Plugs.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.HAL.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.Plugs.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Debug.Kernel.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\obj\Debug\Hardware.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\obj\Debug\Hardware.pdb
C:\Users\john\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CosmosKernel2\Hardware\obj\Debug\Hardware.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
